All right, so, like,
should I text her back?
'Cause I-I-I think she,
like, thinks I'm a loser.
You shouldn't be with someone
that makes you feel that way,
especially after the year
you've had.
And Jerry, you're not a loser.
You're fabulous.
And you have
so much love to give.
You should be with someone
who wants what you want.
Thanks, Dory.
Yeah, I feel like
you're the only one
I could talk to around here.
Well, lucky for you
I'm not going anywhere.
Oh, by the way,
I made this for you.
Baking class.
It's banana bread.
Aw, that's sweet but you know
I can't take it from you.
I know but you
don't have to eat it.
Just take it so you
don't hurt my feelings.
All right, just don't
tell nobody, all right?
Good night.
Night.
I'm so sorry, Jerry.
I'll find a way
to pay you back, I promise.
I'm telling you,
I do not vote.
I will not vote.
I just will not.
You have to vote.
I will not and I do not.
Security!
Dory, come back here!
No, Dory, no!
I'm sorry!
You'll be okay.
Shit, come on.
Hello, world.
This is Dory Sief.
You may remember me
from the past.
You may hate me
or you may love me.
But I have to reach
everyone quickly
because I have something
that I need to share,
which is that I died
for 37 seconds.
And in that time,
I received an infinite volume
of unconscious wisdom
and submitted to pure love.
I did it.
And now more than anything,
I want you to do it.
I am going to find a way
for everyone
to experience an awakening.
Oh, yeah, that's s... such
a pleasure-y spot.
Yeah.
Feeling good.
Oh.
Okay, sorry.
I'm sorry.
I didn't... don't want to
do time out
but is there a bug in my eye?
No, but you look... it looks
like you could be
getting a... an eye infection.
Oh... oh, God.
Elliott's called,
like, three times.
I just wanna pick this up and
make sure everything's cool...
Okay.
Yeah.
Get off me, get off me,
get off me, thank you.
Hi, baba ghanoush.
Have you seen Dory's video?
No, I'm still, like,
naked in bed.
Why would you say that?
Okay, we gotta call Drew.
Hang on.
Did he say call Drew?
Oh, my God.
Go, go, go, go.
Hi.
Hey, I have Portia
on the other line.
I'm gonna put us together,
one sec.
Oh, cool.
Hey, okay.
So apparently Dory
fled the institution
and then posted
some bizarre video
about the meaning of life.
It's truly unhinged.
Whoa.
Ah!
So she's just on the I am?
Mm, no, no, no, no.
I'm looking it up,
like, right now.
I really, really, really,
really...
You guys have, like,
a terrible echo.
It almost sounds
like you're together.
I'm going to hang up
and try again.
Hello, world.
This is Dory Sief.
You may remember me
from the past.
You may hate me.
Hi.
One sec.
You may love me, but I have
to reach everyone quickly.
Hey.
Okay, one sec.
I have something that
I need to share
which is that...
Hey, okay, are we good?
Mm-hmm.
Wow, so she's still
talking like this, huh?
I thought this was what they
were supposed to cure her of?
Look, I think if she contacts
any of us, we just avoid,
avoid, avoid, avoid, avoid.
And you know what?
I actually can't have
this conversation right now
because it sounds like
you're watching the video
at the exact same time and
it's driving me crazy, okay?
I'm gonna hang up.
You know, I keep refreshing
and she gains
another 50,000 followers
every second.
She's going to have, like,
4 million followers
by the end of the day,
Are my shoes...
glued to me?
I don't know.
Are they?
How could this be?
Oh, come here.
Is something the matter?
You didn't put glue
in my shoes, did you, sweetie?
I wouldn't even know
where to find glue, fathers,
and I would never do anything
to inconvenience
such a wonderful
and handsome man.
So my question
for you is this.
How can you die?
How can you kill off your ego?
How can you fall into
the cosmic
and integrate every aspect
of yourself?
I don't know
what the answer is,
but I do know
what the question is.
How can we all die?
Let me know in the comments
below
which solution
resonates most with you.
I love you.
I really did.
I connected with the people
but they didn't have any trust,
you know?
And... and without trust
you can't... oh,
thank you, Helen.
Thank you.
True, true.
So, you know, I just... I
had to find a way out of it.
And you know, I feel like I
have
this new mission
to just spread peace.
Mm-hmm.
And I can't afford
to be stopped.
Well, that certainly
is a worthy cause
but let me just give you
a morsel of wisdom.
Mm-hmm.
If you tell the
unpopular truth,
they will try to stop you.
They always have
and they always will.
That's right.
Well, you have come
to the right place, baby.
We were a part
of the West Village 11.
No way.
Yes.
Wow. That's incredible.
Yo... your generation,
you had so much energy
behind the causes, you know?
That's what I want to harness.
I want everybody
to feel this with me.
Oh, they will... you know why?
Hmm?
You're starting a revolution.
Okay, so I've been
going down the whole, like,
Dory Sief wormhole, and I'm
kind of, like, obsessed.
She's a gay icon, and I've
been a big fan since day one,
like, during the whole shoot
trial and everything
and I tried to get a drink
with her to, like, no avail
but I'm like kind
of honestly here
for this comeback,
you know what I mean?
Like, I love the fact
that she's dead now.
No one's ever
done that before.
And I kind of...
I'm honestly thinking like
should I die too?
Like, should I be dead?
You know what I mean?
Let me know in the comments.
Hmm.
Hello.
Hello, dear friends.
Tunnel Quinn here.
Hey.
You know, the last person
in the world
that I'd have ever thought
would be giving me
spiritual advice
is Dory Sief.
I mean, I followed
that court case closely,
and I'm of the ilk
who definitely believes
that she...
She killed that guy.
And the idea now that she'd be
encouraging anybody to die
is highly unsettling.
This woman is not enlightened.
I think it's a merely
an escalation
of her psychosis.
No one should listen to her.
There's only one person
that you should ever listen to
and that is me.
Which reminds me, the new
T-watch is coming out in what?
Just 43 days.
All get on the waitlist,
people.
Hmm.
Hello, everyone.
It has come to my attention
that the tech billionaire
and flamboyant personality.
Tunnel Quinn has publicly
challenged my authenticity.
And what I would like to say
in response to that is this.
Tunnel, I would encourage you
of all people
to try to understand
what this could mean.
As I start to unpack
the process
of my enlightened experience,
I cannot deny or ignore
the unpopular truth
that death may very well
be a potential gateway
to an integrated
and awakened life.
I would love to hear
your expert opinion
on... on the science
behind all of this.
I love you, Tunnel.
Oh, my... what!
What are you doing?
This is daddy's bubble tank.
I wanted to show you this.
Is that... is that plugged in?
Yes, I wanted
to show you this.
Why?
I thought you might
like toast.
Okay, please just leave.
Drew, I just don't understand
why you won't tell us
what you're doing for work.
We're gonna find out
eventually.
I don't see why
it's any of your business...
Hi.
Oh, my God.
It's you.
It's really you.
You guys look so full of life.
How did you get in here?
I just crawled
through the window.
Oh, you broke in?
Hmm.
All right.
Are you doing okay, Dory?
Ugh, I am more than okay.
Never been better.
Okay, okay, get out, yeah,
good.
Oh, my God.
You guys should see
the way that you're looking
at me right now.
It is just too funny.
But please you have nothing
to be scared of.
I promise you, I just come
from a place of absolute love.
It's okay.
What are you doing here?
Well...
I made a reservation
at this cute little restaurant
down the street.
It's supposed to be really good
and they have
an amazing wine list.
Oh... oh, yeah...
- I have to go, yeah.
- Mm...
No, Drew, come on.
You have to eat.
You've gotten too skinny.
Mangia, mangia, mangia.
Let's go.
Mmm-mmm-mmm.
Oh, my God.
You guys, this is so great.
You have to try some.
You have to.
Here.
Mmm.
Come here.
Please, you have to.
Come on.
Porsh, try this.
It's delicious.
Drew, you're next.
Cool.
Oh, yep.
Mmm, mmm.
Right?
That was good.
"Good"?
It's incredible.
I mean, what did we do
to deserve pasta, you know?
So, yeah, I hear
you're enlightened.
That... that rocks.
I am, I am.
I know, it sounds so funny,
you know, to hear it.
I mean, I just see everything
completely differently now.
What are y'all looking at?
Hey, I got a right to be here.
Hey, hey, hey, it's just water.
Hey, I got it.
[mutters
Don't tell me...
I don't know
how to clean water.
Be right back.
Oh, no, no, no, no, Dory.
Dory, Dory, don't engage.
Dory, Dory.
Don't engage.
Hi.
I'm Dory.
What's your name?
Ooh, are you
drinking whiskey?
I love whiskey.
Used to be my drink.
Have you ever had it
with a little hot tea?
No.
It's really nice.
It's really calming.
An old boyfriend of mine
used to make it for me.
Do you have anyone special
in your life?
My wife.
She died.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I bet you loved her very much.
It's okay.
No.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
What's going on?
I'm gonna cry.
So this was fun.
Text us when you get a home.
So, so nice.
We should make sure to do
this again, like, this year.
Totally.
No.
100%.
No, no, no, no, no!
We only get this day once.
I mean, we're not
getting it back.
So let's do it.
I mean, let's really do it.
Let's... let's do the day.
Okay, what do you wanna do?
I don't know.
Let's see where
the tide sails us, huh?
Fun.
You got through it, you did.
Shit everywhere.
Oh, my gosh.
It's our old apartment.
Wow.
It's a different era.
Don't you guys wish
we could go in and, like,
go back in time?
Why don't we?
Well, I moved out, you know.
I'm sorry, your kidnapper made
it seem like you wanted
to move out
so I-I moved us out.
Okay, but I think
we should try and see
what it looks like inside.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Really? What if
there are people in there?
Then we ask them
to let us in.
If nobody lives there,
then we just break in.
Come on.
Live a little.
Aah, I'm ticklish.
Don't tickle me.
I'm scared to say
no to you so let's.
This is so, so,
so, so stupid.
Okay, how do you even know
how to pick locks?
I can kind of do
anything now.
I have, like, access
to the ancient divine wisdom.
Oh, here we are.
Oh, my God.
Wait, what?
This is so bizarre.
What?
No.
God, this looks awful.
Oh, my God, these yuppies.
Oh, it looks so different.
What happened to the wall?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
Ew, the tile.
What?
Oh.
It's bad.
This doesn't even look
like our place at all.
Drew, we lived here.
Yeah.
Yeah, we did.
No, but... but lived.
Like, we lived lived here.
Mm-hmm.
We were in love.
Yeah.
You guys, check this out.
What?
It's a disco ball.
Oh, God.
What are you doing?
We should go.
Oh, my God, you guys.
It's a little speaker
and it's Bluetooth.
No, Dory.
Hold on, one second.
Oh, my God.
Let's party.
This was your favorite song.
Dory, no.
Come on, dance with me.
Excuse me!
What the hell are you doing?
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
You must be so put off.
But we used to live here.
Like, live live.
Get the fuck out!
I'm sorry.
We're gone.
Sorry, I love your style.
Just kidding.
Bye.
Oh, whoa.
You guys, I haven't watched
the sunset in so long.
It's incredible.
And we get
to have it every day.
I wanna thank you guys
for spending the day with me.
And I want to say I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for lying to you.
I'm sorry for hurting you,
for turning your lives
upside down,
for not giving you
what you needed.
I never gave myself compassion
until now.
And I've given myself
permission to start over.
I really hope that you guys
can forgive me.
But if you can't, I understand.
And at the very least,
I just hope that
you can forgive yourselves.
I've waited so long
to hear that.
Will you tell me something?
Of course.
Did you kill April?
Yes.
I pushed her off
the Staten Island ferry.
I mean, what you put us
through was so fucked up.
I don't know what I believe
or what I think
about enlightenment,
but I know that I've been
burned so many times by you.
And I'm not going to fall
for whatever it is
that you're up to this time.
Do you understand me?
I have no agenda, Drew.
I promise.
Except just to spread love
wherever I go.
I-I promise you this time
that it's different.
Okay, well, that's good.
I really do hope
it's different this time,
because if you think about
the last few years,
our lives have been insane.
We went to court
for killing someone.
Can you believe that?
You guys all convinced me
to bury a body.
I mean, the craziest part
of all of it is that
we actually killed someone.
You know, I mean,
can you believe
that we did that?
It's the fact that
I'm not supposed to laugh.
It is the sheer
inappropriateness of laughter
that is making me laugh.
Your mouth was twinkling.
Whoo!
Guys, we can't laugh.
Oh, that makes you bad.
No, it's okay.
We have to laugh because
it's too painful, you know.
And... and we can't change
the past so we laugh.
We have to.
It does feel good to just,
you know, speak the truth.
I mean, I don't feel like
I can remember a time
where that felt okay, you know?
I promise you that every day
can feel like today.
There's so much to live for.
I mean, we're surrounded
by love and beauty
and I want you all
to feel the way that I do.
You don't have another
toothbrush, do you?
Mm-mm.
Is it weird if you use mine?
I mean, I'm the one who
hasn't brushed my teeth
in three weeks.
I don't mind.
I really don't.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
Dory.
Yeah.
I'm so enchanted by you.
Like, I want to be
just like you.
Like, I want to spread love
and truth.
That is so, so sweet.
And you know something?
The fact that you can identify
that in me,
that means that
that aspect you admire in me
is in you.
Really?
Yeah.
You're so generous
with your love.
And, unfortunately,
that's so rare.
And it means so much to me
that you're willing
to give me a second chance.
And that you see the value
in my experience.
I mean, I just want
to teach you
everything that I've learned.
And, well, I just...
I just hope you know
how special you are to me.
You're like my sister.
I love that.
Like, I-I want to be,
like, your sister.
Like, I'd seriously do, like,
anything you ever need, like,
from here on out.
Like, I just... I just wanna
be right by your side.
Well, I would love that.
Dory, there's something
I wanna tell you.
I feel like I really need
to come clean about it,
but I also feel really scared
to tell you.
Portia, you can
tell me anything.
I've been...
intimate with Drew
for, like, a little while now.
Oh.
I think that's great.
Really?
Yeah.
Seriously, you're not mad?
No.
I don't believe in this culture
of... of scarcity
and where people need to
possess other people, you know?
Love should be free.
How is it?
Is the sex good?
I mean, it just feels nice
to be loved or something.
Well, I am so happy for you.
Thank you.
All right, Dory Sief.
I took your advice,
and I opened my heart
to your words.
And I think that
you're onto something.
I'd like to invite you
to my office
at Tunnel Industries.
We have healing to do, Dory.